fix regulatory calcualtions and add example on docs (#285)
NOAA-CSL/MELODIES-MONET: docs/getting_started/installation.rst

--------------------

If you are a user and are not planning to modify MELODIES MONET itself,
installing it is relatively simple. There are two methods available.

Option 1) Using Conda
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
We have recently created a conda-forge release of MELODIES MONET to make installation very simple 

> with just 3 lines of code below::
> 
>     $ conda create --name melodies-monet python=3.9
>     $ conda activate melodies-monet
>     $ conda install -y -c conda-forge melodies-monet wrf-python jupyterlab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with just 1 line of code below::

    $ conda create --name melodies-monet -y -c conda-forge python=3.9 melodies-monet wrf-python jupyterlab
```
